Israeli archaeologists have announced
unique finds relating
jewish presence in jerusalem
besides scientific they also have
political value dug deep
Studied the finds Alexander Dashkov
golden medallion whose sweet decoration
and more than 30 coins of the Byzantine period
this is what archaeologists have discovered
Jewish university at the walls of the old
cities found treasures priceless
scientists say but glide is
happens once in a lifetime to find a treasure of gold and
silverware on which
depicts typical Jewish symbols
menorah rock shofar torah scroll judging
around the treasure was hidden at the beginning
seventh century 614 AD
jerusalem captured by the Persians
the Jews accepted the Persian invasion
as getting rid of the yoke of Byzantium because
the taste of bezant these alina Byzantine
period a Jew was allowed to attend
jerusalem but they had to pay
tax for the visit of a Jew came to the city
tore their clothes and mourned
temple destruction testimony can
find in the historical sources of the garden and
dress lengths floor arrival at Persian
the hope of the Jews
can again create an influential community in
city ​​found treasures apparently
were brought from other corners
Byzantine Empire about it
testify the image of sweet
which one on the medallion which
times almost never met in the ground
israel place for treasure too
not accidentally chosen treasure archaeologists
discovered here near the temple
mountains are those who hid the treasure pick
They did not have time so gold and lay in
14th century earth
Persian invasion did not bring a Jew
desired disposal pools
the Persians did not keep their promise to the Jew
and sided with the majority of the Jews
persecuted again
from the christians found club to
evidence apparently and time
I had to flee the city now finds
will decorate the museum of israel besides scientific
values ​​they have value and
political once again prove
Jewish presence existed in
jerusalem and before the arab invasion
the middle of the 7th century Alexander Dashkov Rolan
whiskey news channel 9